exporters/stats/stackdriver/README.md, before:

# OpenCensus Stackdriver Stats Exporter

The *OpenCensus Stackdriver Stats Exporter* is a stats exporter that exports data to 
Stackdriver Monitoring. [Stackdriver Monitoring][stackdriver-monitoring] provides visibility into 
the performance, uptime, and overall health of cloud-powered applications. Stackdriver ingests that 
data and generates insights via dashboards, charts, and alerts.

## Quickstart

### Prerequisites

To use this exporter, you must have an application that you'd like to monitor. The app can be on 
Google Cloud Platform, on-premise, or another cloud platform.

In order to be able to push your stats to [Stackdriver Monitoring][stackdriver-monitoring], you must:

1. [Create a Cloud project](https://support.google.com/cloud/answer/6251787?hl=en).
2. [Enable billing](https://support.google.com/cloud/answer/6288653#new-billing).
3. [Enable the Stackdriver Monitoring API](https://app.google.stackdriver.com/).
4. [Make sure you have a Premium Stackdiver account](https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/accounts/tiers).

These steps enable the API but don't require that your app is hosted on Google Cloud Platform.

### Hello "Stackdriver Stats"

#### Add the dependencies to your project

For Maven add to your `pom.xml`:
```xml
<dependencies>
  <dependency>
    <groupId>io.opencensus</groupId>
    <artifactId>opencensus-api</artifactId>
    <version>0.10.0</version>
  </dependency>
  <dependency>
    <groupId>io.opencensus</groupId>
    <artifactId>opencensus-exporter-stats-stackdriver</artifactId>
    <version>0.10.0</version>
  </dependency>
  <dependency>
    <groupId>io.opencensus</groupId>
    <artifactId>opencensus-impl</artifactId>
    <version>0.10.0</version>
    <scope>runtime</scope>
  </dependency>
</dependencies>
```

For Gradle add to your dependencies:
```groovy
compile 'io.opencensus:opencensus-api:0.10.0'
compile 'io.opencensus:opencensus-exporter-stats-stackdriver:0.10.0'
runtime 'io.opencensus:opencensus-impl:0.10.0'
```

#### Register the exporter

This uses the default configuration for authentication and a given project ID.

```java
public class MyMainClass {
  public static void main(String[] args) {
    // Exporter will export to Stackdriver every 10 seconds.
    StackdriverStatsExporter.createWithProjectId("MyStackdriverProjectId", Duration.create(10, 0));
  }
}
```

#### Set Monitored Resource for exporter

By default, the Stackdriver Stats Exporter uses [a global Stackdriver monitored resource with no 
labels](https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/api/resources#tag_global), and this works fine when you 
have only one exporter running. However, if you want to have multiple processes exporting stats for 
the same metric concurrently, using the default monitored resource for all exporters will not work. 
In this case you need to associate a unique monitored resource with each exporter:

```java
public class MyMainClass {
  public static void main(String[] args) {
    // A sample AWS EC2 monitored resource.
    // This will only work if each EC2 has one process that records stats. If there are multiple 
    // processes, you'll need an extra label such as pid.
    MonitoredResource myResource = MonitoredResource.newBuilder()
                                               .setType("aws_ec2_instance")
                                               .putLabels("instance_id", "instance")
                                               .putLabels("aws_account", "account")
                                               .putLabels("region", "aws:us-west-2")
                                               .build();
    
    // Set a custom MonitoredResource. Please make sure each Stackdriver Stats Exporter has a 
    // unique MonitoredResource.      
    StackdriverStatsExporter.createAndRegisterWithProjectIdAndMonitoredResource(
        "MyStackdriverProjectId", 
        Duration.create(10, 0), 
        myResource);
  }
}
```

For a complete list of valid Stackdriver monitored resources, please refer to [Stackdriver 
Documentation](https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/custom-metrics/creating-metrics#which-resource).
Please also note that although there are a lot of monitored resources available on [Stackdriver](https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/api/resources), 
only [a small subset of them](https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/custom-metrics/creating-metrics#which-resource) 
are compatible with the Opencensus Stackdriver Stats Exporter.

#### Authentication

This exporter uses [google-cloud-java](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/google-cloud-java),
for details about how to configure the authentication see [here](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/google-cloud-java#authentication).

If you prefer to manually set the credentials use:
```
StackdriverStatsExporter.createAndRegisterWithCredentialsAndProjectId(
    new GoogleCredentials(new AccessToken(accessToken, expirationTime)), 
    "MyStackdriverProjectId",
    Duration.create(10, 0));
```

#### Specifying a Project ID

This exporter uses [google-cloud-java](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/google-cloud-java),
for details about how to configure the project ID see [here](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/google-cloud-java#specifying-a-project-id).

If you prefer to manually set the project ID use:
```
StackdriverStatsExporter.createAndRegisterWithProjectId("MyStackdriverProjectId", Duration.create(10, 0));
```

#### Java Versions

Java 7 or above is required for using this exporter.

## FAQ
### Why did I get a PERMISSION_DENIED error from Stackdriver when using this exporter?
To use our Stackdriver Stats exporter, your Stackdriver account needs to have permission to [create
custom metrics](https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/custom-metrics/creating-metrics), and that 
requires a [Premium tier Stackdriver account](https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/accounts/tiers#this_request_is_only_available_in_the_premium_tier). 
Please note that by default all new Stackdriver accounts are Basic tier. To upgrade to a Premium 
tier Stackdriver account, follow the instructions [here](https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/accounts/tiers#start-premium).

[stackdriver-monitoring]: https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/

Commit message:

Update README to explain the new label.

exporters/stats/stackdriver/README.md, after:

# OpenCensus Stackdriver Stats Exporter

The *OpenCensus Stackdriver Stats Exporter* is a stats exporter that exports data to 
Stackdriver Monitoring. [Stackdriver Monitoring][stackdriver-monitoring] provides visibility into 
the performance, uptime, and overall health of cloud-powered applications. Stackdriver ingests that 
data and generates insights via dashboards, charts, and alerts.

## Quickstart

### Prerequisites

To use this exporter, you must have an application that you'd like to monitor. The app can be on 
Google Cloud Platform, on-premise, or another cloud platform.

In order to be able to push your stats to [Stackdriver Monitoring][stackdriver-monitoring], you must:

1. [Create a Cloud project](https://support.google.com/cloud/answer/6251787?hl=en).
2. [Enable billing](https://support.google.com/cloud/answer/6288653#new-billing).
3. [Enable the Stackdriver Monitoring API](https://app.google.stackdriver.com/).
4. [Make sure you have a Premium Stackdiver account](https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/accounts/tiers).

These steps enable the API but don't require that your app is hosted on Google Cloud Platform.

### Hello "Stackdriver Stats"

#### Add the dependencies to your project

For Maven add to your `pom.xml`:
```xml
<dependencies>
  <dependency>
    <groupId>io.opencensus</groupId>
    <artifactId>opencensus-api</artifactId>
    <version>0.10.0</version>
  </dependency>
  <dependency>
    <groupId>io.opencensus</groupId>
    <artifactId>opencensus-exporter-stats-stackdriver</artifactId>
    <version>0.10.0</version>
  </dependency>
  <dependency>
    <groupId>io.opencensus</groupId>
    <artifactId>opencensus-impl</artifactId>
    <version>0.10.0</version>
    <scope>runtime</scope>
  </dependency>
</dependencies>
```

For Gradle add to your dependencies:
```groovy
compile 'io.opencensus:opencensus-api:0.10.0'
compile 'io.opencensus:opencensus-exporter-stats-stackdriver:0.10.0'
runtime 'io.opencensus:opencensus-impl:0.10.0'
```

#### Register the exporter

This uses the default configuration for authentication and a given project ID.

```java
public class MyMainClass {
  public static void main(String[] args) {
    // Exporter will export to Stackdriver every 10 seconds.
    StackdriverStatsExporter.createWithProjectId("MyStackdriverProjectId", Duration.create(10, 0));
  }
}
```

#### Set Monitored Resource for exporter

By default, the Stackdriver Stats Exporter uses [a global Stackdriver monitored resource with no 
labels](https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/api/resources#tag_global), and this works fine when you 
have only one exporter running. However, if you want to have multiple processes exporting stats for 
the same metric concurrently, using the default monitored resource for all exporters will not work. 
In this case you need to associate a unique monitored resource with each exporter:

```java
public class MyMainClass {
  public static void main(String[] args) {
    // A sample AWS EC2 monitored resource.
    // This will only work if each EC2 has one process that records stats. If there are multiple 
    // processes, you'll need an extra label such as pid.
    MonitoredResource myResource = MonitoredResource.newBuilder()
                                               .setType("aws_ec2_instance")
                                               .putLabels("instance_id", "instance")
                                               .putLabels("aws_account", "account")
                                               .putLabels("region", "aws:us-west-2")
                                               .build();
    
    // Set a custom MonitoredResource. Please make sure each Stackdriver Stats Exporter has a 
    // unique MonitoredResource.      
    StackdriverStatsExporter.createAndRegisterWithProjectIdAndMonitoredResource(
        "MyStackdriverProjectId", 
        Duration.create(10, 0), 
        myResource);
  }
}
```

For a complete list of valid Stackdriver monitored resources, please refer to [Stackdriver 
Documentation](https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/custom-metrics/creating-metrics#which-resource).
Please also note that although there are a lot of monitored resources available on [Stackdriver](https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/api/resources), 
only [a small subset of them](https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/custom-metrics/creating-metrics#which-resource) 
are compatible with the Opencensus Stackdriver Stats Exporter.

#### Authentication

This exporter uses [google-cloud-java](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/google-cloud-java),
for details about how to configure the authentication see [here](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/google-cloud-java#authentication).

If you prefer to manually set the credentials use:
```
StackdriverStatsExporter.createAndRegisterWithCredentialsAndProjectId(
    new GoogleCredentials(new AccessToken(accessToken, expirationTime)), 
    "MyStackdriverProjectId",
    Duration.create(10, 0));
```

#### Specifying a Project ID

This exporter uses [google-cloud-java](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/google-cloud-java),
for details about how to configure the project ID see [here](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/google-cloud-java#specifying-a-project-id).

If you prefer to manually set the project ID use:
```
StackdriverStatsExporter.createAndRegisterWithProjectId("MyStackdriverProjectId", Duration.create(10, 0));
```

#### Java Versions

Java 7 or above is required for using this exporter.

## FAQ
### Why did I get a PERMISSION_DENIED error from Stackdriver when using this exporter?
To use our Stackdriver Stats exporter, your Stackdriver account needs to have permission to [create
custom metrics](https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/custom-metrics/creating-metrics), and that 
requires a [Premium tier Stackdriver account](https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/accounts/tiers#this_request_is_only_available_in_the_premium_tier). 
Please note that by default all new Stackdriver accounts are Basic tier. To upgrade to a Premium 
tier Stackdriver account, follow the instructions [here](https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/accounts/tiers#start-premium).

### What is "opencensus-task" metric label ?
Stackdriver requires that each Timeseries to be updated only by one task at a time. A
`Timeseries` is uniquely identified by the `MonitoredResource` and the `Metric`'s labels.
Stackdriver exporter adds a new `Metric` label for each custom `Metric` to ensure the uniqueness
of the `Timeseries`. The format of the label is: `{LANGUAGE}-{PID}@{HOSTNAME}`, if `{PID}` is not
available a random number will be used.

[stackdriver-monitoring]: https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/
