exporters/trace_stackdriver/README.md, before:

# OpenCensus Stackdriver Trace Exporter
[![Build Status][travis-image]][travis-url] [![Build status][appveyor-image]][appveyor-url] [![Maven Central][maven-image]][maven-url]

The *OpenCensus Stackdriver Trace Exporter* is a trace exporter that exports data to 
[Stackdriver Trace][stackdriver-url].

## Prerequisites

To use this exporter, you must have an application that you'd like to trace. The app can be on 
Google Cloud Platform, on-premise, or another cloud platform.

In order to be able to push your traces to [Stackdriver Trace][stackdriver-url], you must:

1. [Create a Cloud project](https://support.google.com/cloud/answer/6251787?hl=en).
2. [Enable billing](https://support.google.com/cloud/answer/6288653#new-billing).
3. [Enable the Stackdriver Trace API](https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/api/cloudtrace.googleapis.com/overview).

These steps enable the API but don't require that your app is hosted on Google Cloud Platform.

## Hello "Stackdriver Trace"

### Add the dependencies to your project.

For Maven add to your `pom.xml`:
```xml
<dependencies>
  <dependency>
    <groupId>io.netty</groupId>
    <artifactId>netty-tcnative-boringssl-static</artifactId>
    <version>2.0.3.Final</version>
  </dependency>
  <dependency>
    <groupId>io.opencensus</groupId>
    <artifactId>opencensus-exporter-trace-stackdriver</artifactId>
    <version>0.6.0</version>
  </dependency>
</dependencies>
```

For Gradle add to your dependencies:
```gradle
compile 'io.netty:netty-tcnative-boringssl-static:2.0.3.Final'
compile 'io.opencensus:opencensus-exporter-trace-stackdriver:0.6.0'

```

### Register the exporter
```java
public class MyMainClass {
  public static void main(String[] args) throws Exception {
    StackdriverExporter.createAndRegister("MyStackdriverProjectId");
    // ...
  }
}
```

## FAQ
The current Stackdriver Trace exporter is implemented using the [v1 API][stackdriver-v1-api-url]
which is not fully compatible with the OpenCensus data model. Trace events like Annotations and 
NetworkEvents will be dropped. Soon a v2 API will be available.

[travis-image]: https://travis-ci.org/census-instrumentation/opencensus-java.svg?branch=master
[travis-url]: https://travis-ci.org/census-instrumentation/opencensus-java
[appveyor-image]: https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/hxthmpkxar4jq4be/branch/master?svg=true
[appveyor-url]: https://ci.appveyor.com/project/instrumentationjavateam/opencensus-java/branch/master
[maven-image]: https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/io.opencensus/opencensus-exporter-trace-stackdriver/badge.svg
[maven-url]: https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/io.opencensus/opencensus-exporter-trace-stackdriver
[stackdriver-url]: https://cloud.google.com/trace/
[stackdriver-v1-api-url]: https://cloud.google.com/trace/docs/reference/v1/rpc/google.devtools.cloudtrace.v1#google.devtools.cloudtrace.v1.TraceSpan

Commit message:

Change to use google cloud java for the Stackdriver Client.

exporters/trace_stackdriver/README.md, after:

# OpenCensus Stackdriver Trace Exporter
[![Build Status][travis-image]][travis-url] [![Build status][appveyor-image]][appveyor-url] [![Maven Central][maven-image]][maven-url]

The *OpenCensus Stackdriver Trace Exporter* is a trace exporter that exports data to 
Stackdriver Trace. [Stackdriver Trace][stackdriver-trace] is a distributed 
tracing system that collects latency data from your applications and displays it in the Google 
Cloud Platform Console. You can track how requests propagate through your application and receive
detailed near real-time performance insights.

## Quickstart

### Prerequisites

To use this exporter, you must have an application that you'd like to trace. The app can be on 
Google Cloud Platform, on-premise, or another cloud platform.

In order to be able to push your traces to [Stackdriver Trace][stackdriver-trace], you must:

1. [Create a Cloud project](https://support.google.com/cloud/answer/6251787?hl=en).
2. [Enable billing](https://support.google.com/cloud/answer/6288653#new-billing).
3. [Enable the Stackdriver Trace API](https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/api/cloudtrace.googleapis.com/overview).

These steps enable the API but don't require that your app is hosted on Google Cloud Platform.

### Authentication

This exporter uses [google-cloud-java](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/google-cloud-java),
for details see [Authentication](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/google-cloud-java#authentication)
section in the base directory's README.

### Java Versions

Java 7 or above is required for using this exporter.

### Hello "Stackdriver Trace"

#### Add the dependencies to your project.

For Maven add to your `pom.xml`:
```xml
<dependencies>
  <dependency>
    <groupId>io.opencensus</groupId>
    <artifactId>opencensus-exporter-trace-stackdriver</artifactId>
    <version>0.6.0</version>
  </dependency>
  <dependency>
    <groupId>io.opencensus</groupId>
    <artifactId>opencensus-impl</artifactId>
    <version>0.6.0</version>
  </dependency>
</dependencies>
```

For Gradle add to your dependencies:
```gradle
compile 'io.opencensus:opencensus-exporter-trace-stackdriver:0.6.0'
compile 'io.opencensus:opencensus-impl:0.6.0'

```

#### Register the exporter
```java
public class MyMainClass {
  public static void main(String[] args) throws Exception {
    StackdriverExporter.createAndRegister("MyStackdriverProjectId");
    // ...
  }
}
```

## FAQ
The current Stackdriver Trace exporter is implemented using the [v1 API][stackdriver-v1-api-url]
which is not fully compatible with the OpenCensus data model. Trace events like Annotations and 
NetworkEvents will be dropped. Soon a v2 API will be available.

[travis-image]: https://travis-ci.org/census-instrumentation/opencensus-java.svg?branch=master
[travis-url]: https://travis-ci.org/census-instrumentation/opencensus-java
[appveyor-image]: https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/hxthmpkxar4jq4be/branch/master?svg=true
[appveyor-url]: https://ci.appveyor.com/project/instrumentationjavateam/opencensus-java/branch/master
[maven-image]: https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/io.opencensus/opencensus-exporter-trace-stackdriver/badge.svg
[maven-url]: https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/io.opencensus/opencensus-exporter-trace-stackdriver
[stackdriver-trace]: https://cloud.google.com/trace/
[stackdriver-v1-api-url]: https://cloud.google.com/trace/docs/reference/v1/rpc/google.devtools.cloudtrace.v1#google.devtools.cloudtrace.v1.TraceSpan
